The Ros_Hivemind framework consists of Controllers, Guidance algorithms, and
Navigation system, which are setup and run by the main.cpp file

Different launch files allow for different configurations of the three components
to be selected, including different numbers of controllers, and different parameters

==================================Controllers==================================

Controllers descend from the Controller class, and correspond to some physical
system, for example a spacecraft simulator or the flying ambulance. Based on
their current state as received from Navigation, and the trajectory of states
received from Guidance, they control their position and attitude to move towards
the target state.

Controller subclasses should implement the attitude_control_loop() and the
position_control_loop() to run at certain frequencies to allow for independent
control of the attitude/position. -- The rates each will run is set in the
constructor, but can be changed. Error bounds for attitude/position are also
set in the constructor.

The desired/current state and trajectory are updated automatically before each
loop is called, with the desired state pulled from the next waypoint in the
trajectory from the guidance algorithm. The entire trajectory can also be
accessed.

====================================Guidance====================================

Guidance algorithms descend from the Guidance class, and correspond to some
motion algorithm applicable to multiple systems. They monitor the current
position of their associated controller (using Navigation), and select target
trajectories (which include the state at each point, including pose, velocity,
and acceleration).

Guidance subclasses should implement the guidance_loop() function, to update
the trajectory at each time step.


==================================Navigation==================================

Navigation systems descend from the Navigation class, and correspond to some
method of finding the controller's position, such as vicon motion capture, or
combining sensor data. They keep an updated record of the pose, velocity
acceleration for the Controller and Guidance algorithm.

Navigation subclasses should implement the navigation_loop() function, to
periodically update the position of the controller, which can be fetched.

======================Rates, Error Bounds, and Constants=======================

The update rate of each loop is independent, and can be changed at any time.
The constants.hpp file should contain most of the default rates and error bounds
for different controllers.

=============================Running the Node===================================

Move the source code into a catkin workspace and use catkin build
(may require dependencies such as Eigen to be installed, python packages as well)

Modify the launch file to set desired navigation/controller/guidance, and launch
it (ex: roslaunch src/ros_hivemind/launch/test.launch)

=================================Testing=======================================
Testing offline can be done by using the TestNav navigation setup. The controller
simply needs to call test_acceleration(Vector3f accel) or test_position(Vector3f pos)
with its control acceleration or current position, which while used by TestNav to
plot a trajectory. For SCSim6DOF, the testing parameter must also be set to true in
the launch file.

The test_acceleration() method is designed to check that control algorithms are
working correctly. The test_position() method is more suited to checking trajectories
generated by guidance algorithms. The TestBot controller uses test_position() to simply
"teleport" along the points from the trajectory.

The resulting trajectory of every controller using TestNav will be graphed and displayed


=============================ROS Channels======================================

Channels are named based on the robot name and function. They are:
-vicon/< name >/< name > is the channel where the vicon broadcasts positional data

-thrusters/< name > is the channel where SCSimulators broadcast thruster values

(<name> is the controller name set when creating the ROS node -- should be sc1 etc)

For Vicon Update Notes, see:
https://github.com/ethz-asl/vicon_bridge/tree/master/vicon_sdk/Vicon_SDK_1.3_Linux/64-bit
